To prepare workers for in-demand jobs that pay a living wage, we need to strengthen Texas' education pipeline. The charts below provide a current snapshot of earnings and employment outcomes by educational attainment in this WDA.

The data on earnings and employment comes from the Census Bureau's Post-Secondary Employment Outcomes (PSEO) dataset. It includes information on employment and earnings outcomes from graduates of 75% of Texas' colleges and universities. These statistics are generated by matching university transcript data with a national database of jobs. More information about this data set can be found [here](https://lehd.ces.census.gov/data/pseo_experimental.html). 

The earnings chart shows the median earnings, along with the 25th and 75th percentile earnings, for college graduates of Texas colleges and universities located in this WDA. The data reflects earnings of graduates ten years after graduation by degree type for cohorts graduating in 2001, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2010, and 2011. 

For reference, the earnings chart includes median earnings for residents of this WDA who have only earned a high school degree. This data point is self-reported and comes from the American Community Survey, 2015-2019. The population reflected in this estimate is all residents in the WDA, regardless of where they received their high school degree. By contrast, the PSEO dataset reflects the population of graduates from area institutions and includes graduates who are no longer living in the WDA where they received their degree.

